Add blog post for Release 2.38.0 (#107)
scm-manager/website: content/posts/2022-08-08-scm-manager-2-38-0/index.md

---
title: SCM-Manager 2.38.0
date: 2022-08-08T14:00:00+0000
author: Konstantin Schaper
categories:
- scm-manager
- scm-review-plugin
- scm-ci-plugin
- scm-content-search-plugin
- scm-ssh-plugin
- scm-expression-language-plugin
- release
- plugins
- cli
keywords:
- cli
- pull requests
- continuous integration
- search
- ubuntu
---

Hello SCM-Manager Community,

we continuously put in the effort to improve the SCM-Manager. This iteration focused on extensions to the CLI,
contextual search and additional information for the pull request overview.

Due to complex changes to our underlying frontend build infrastructure, we experienced unexpected problems 
with local plugin builds after the release. We have implemented a solution and released it under 2.38.1, but
none of this negatively impacts production instances.

## CLI Extensions

It is now possible to manage plugins and permissions to the same extend to which it is possible through the web interface.

## Contextual Search

> We made our search context-sensitive, which allows you to search in namespaces or a specific repository directly.

Reviewer: We cannot search in multiple namespaces, so:
```suggestion
We made our global search context-sensitive, which allows you to search in a specific namespace or a specific repository directly.
```

categories:
- scm-manager
- scm-review-plugin
- scm-ci-plugin
- scm-content-search-plugin
- scm-ssh-plugin
- scm-expression-language-plugin
- release
- plugins
- cli
keywords:
- cli
- pull requests
- continuous integration
- search
- ubuntu
---

Hello SCM-Manager Community,

we continuously put in the effort to improve the SCM-Manager. This iteration focused on extensions to the CLI,
contextual search and additional information for the pull request overview.

Due to complex changes to our underlying frontend build infrastructure, we experienced unexpected problems 
with local plugin builds after the release. We have implemented a solution and released it under 2.38.1, but
none of this negatively impacts production instances.

## CLI Extensions

It is now possible to manage plugins and permissions to the same extend to which it is possible through the web interface.

## Contextual Search

We made our global search context-sensitive, which allows you to search in a specific namespace or a specific repository directly.

## Enhanced Pull Request Overview

Improvements were made to both the Review- and the CI-Plugin that add additional columns to the Pull Request table.

> They provide information on the status of the workflow engine as well as the current CI-status.

Author: I strongly agree!
